QA: release notes and doc fixes (#200)
onflow/flow-cli: docs/developer-updates/release-notes-v18.md

## ⬆️ Install or Upgrade

Follow the [Flow CLI installation guide](https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/install/) for instructions on how to install or upgrade the CLI.

> ## 💥 Breaking Changes
> /
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can just remove this if there are no breaking changes

## ⭐ Features

### Resolve Contract Imports in Scripts and Transactions

> A new feature that allows you to send transactions and scripts that reference 
> contract deployed using the project deploy command. Imports are resolved 
> the same way as project deploy are. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a new feature that allows you to send transactions and scripts that reference 
contracts deployed using the `project deploy` command. Imports are resolved 
by matching contract source paths to their declarations in `flow.json`.

For example:
```
